# Blackjack-Simulator
Develop a simple Blackjack application, following the game's rules: dealing cards, player decisions(hit or stand) and dealer interactions.

A more in depth description of the project:

The rules of the game:
    The cards from 2 to 10 have their face value, while face cards (J, Q, K) have a value of 10, and the Ace (A) can be valued at 1 or 11.
    Players play against a person called the Dealer, aiming to have a card total higher than the   Dealer's. If the card total exceeds 21, the respective player loses. If the Dealer exceeds 21, then everyone at the table wins, except those who have exceeded 21 before the Dealer.
   Each player receives 2 cards initially, and the Dealer also receives 2 cards, one of which is face down (NOTE: In actual Blackjack, cards are dealt one at a time to each player and only after that the second card is dealt to each player, but for simplicity, we'll consider players receiving both cards upfront, while the Dealer is the last person to receive the 2 cards). 
   After the cards are dealt, each player has the option to draw a card (HIT) or to stop at their current total (STAND). Players can draw as many cards as they want, but if they exceed 21, they lose (NOTE: For simplicity, we'll consider the following scenario: If the card total of the Dealer or players is less than 16, they are required to draw a card. If the card total is between 17-21, they must stop drawing cards. If the total exceeds 21, they lose).

Functional Requirements
    1.If the command is "check_cards", verify whether a deck of cards is tampered with, normal, or prepared for blackjack. A deck of cards is considered tampered with if there are cards whose numbers or suits do not exist in reality (allowed numbers are from 2 to 14, where 11 represents an ace, and allowed suits are red, black, diamond, or club), and it will display "Tampered Deck". A deck of cards is considered OK if it is not tampered with, if all the cards in it are different, and if there are a total of 52 cards, in which case it will display "OK Deck". A deck is considered good for Blackjack if it is not tampered with, in which case it will display "Prepared for Blackjack". A newline (\n) will be left after these prints.
    
    2.If the command is "shuffle_cards", shuffle the cards using the Linear Congruential Generator (LCG) algorithm. The generator is defined by the recurrence relation Xn+1 = (a * Xn + c) mod m. If two pairs of numbers a, c, and X0 are given from the keyboard, then a pair of indices will be generated, and the cards at those positions will be swapped, with the current index becoming the previous index for the generator (See example!). The constant m will represent the number of cards in the deck. This algorithm will be applied to the deck 50 times. The shuffled cards will be displayed in the format <card_number>,<card_suit>, separated by newline (\n).
    
    3.If the command is "play_game", play Blackjack games until EOF with n players at a table. The game will follow the rules outlined at the beginning of the problem. It is assumed that there are NO aces in the deck! (Meaning the deck will consist of 48 cards, not 52!) Refer to the example for a clear understanding of the problem. The deck of cards will be shuffled at each round of Blackjack using the LCG algorithm described above (applied also 50 times). The initial arrangement of the deck is as follows: there will be 48 cards in a deck (since we don't have aces) in the order 2 red, 3 red, ..., 14 red, 2 black, ..., 14 black, 2 diamond, ..., 14 diamond, 2 club, ..., 14 club (Note that there is no 11!). Each player's stake is 10 euros per round, so winning a round earns the player 10 euros, and if they lose, they will have 10 euros less. If a player runs out of money (has less than 10 euros), they will leave the table. Finally, the remaining players at the table will be displayed in the format player_name: money_amount, separated by newline (\n).
